[Music]
top 10 secrets hotel staff hide from you
do you prefer staying in hotels hostels
or private apartment while traveling
hotel managers all around the world keep
quiet about a lot of things here are
some brilliant tips that will help you
save money and have the best vacation
ever
for instance do you know how to cancel
the reservation at the last moment
without a fine this one is the best
trick ever everyone should learn it
watch our video to figure out all of the
tricks ten booked a room one or two days
before check-in the prices for hotels
can change every day and it all depends
on the season and upcoming events we
used to think that earlier we booked the
room the better however it isn't always
so sometimes price might be a hundred
dollars when you check it 20 days before
arrival and two days before arrival it's
only fifty bucks it happens because
hotel managers reduce the price in the
last minute to fill all the rooms
therefore if you book a room closer to
your arrival you will save up to 50% 9
if you don't like your room you can
change it for free for example you
booked a room with a view of the sea but
you get a view of a building site you
have the right to demand the room you
originally ordered go and ask the hotel
manager to fix the situation if you
don't like the room for subjective
reasons located on the upper or lower
floor you can also ask a change of room
in this case you should ask politely
don't demand if there are vacant rooms
the hotel staff will show them to you
don't worry you won't pay any additional
fees for changing rooms
eight choose a hotel by its ratings not
by the number of stars sometimes the
number of stars actually means nothing a
three-star Hotel can be much better and
even cozier than a five-star hotel so
read the reviews before you book a room
keep in mind that people usually write
negative comments much more willingly
therefore pay attention to those nuances
mentioned by the majority read as many
reviews as possible and don't trust only
one or two opinions
[Music]
seven you can take the shampoo on other
cosmetic products with you do you like
those tiny bottles of shampoo and shower
gel in a hotel bathroom and take them
with you let's admit almost everyone
loves them as they are handy while
traveling don't think you are doing
something wrong after all that's the
reason why the hotel staff puts these
disposable things in your room however
it only applies to cosmetic products and
it's better to leave the towel and
bathrobe in the room 6 punches with the
golden keys pin can answer any question
yes they know everything about the hotel
and even much more they can get you a
ticket for concert or help organize a
guided tour concierge is with such pins
are members of a particular public
organization called les clef stay or
don't be shy to ask them for whatever
you need they will gladly help you
five book discounted rooms directly with
the hotel every Hotel wants to sell as
many rooms per day as possible
therefore they pay a fee to different
sites and offer them certain rooms and
you don't get the best rooms at a
discount call the hotel directly and say
that you found their discounted room on
another website and want to book it the
hotel staff will most likely offer you a
better room because in this case they
won't have to pay fees to the search
site for photos of a hotel can differ
from reality let us say you booked a
room in advance and go on a vacation
with no worries you expect to get some
luxurious room with soft light but when
you arrive you see a tiny room with a
half ruined bedside table and the
smallest bed you've ever seen
to avoid this annoying situation search
for the hotel photos on the Internet yes
often post real pictures of their rooms
and the hotel itself don't always trust
the photos Hotels post on their websites
they show only the best angle and hide
the disadvantages
three check the minibar always check a
minibar in your room after check-in a
minibar is a magic chest containing
different delicacies at crazy prices
let's be honest sometimes the prices are
incredibly high to avoid wasting money
for someone else's pleasures make sure
all the bottles are closed after all the
previous guests could easily have had a
drink and poured tap water into the
bottle instead it happens alas
to read the contract before leaving your
car on-site the agreement usually states
that the hotel is not responsible for
cars parked on site you need to know
about it in case any accidents happen
with your car in the hotel's parking lot
so don't forget to turn on the car alarm
and remove all valuable items from your
vehicle before leaving it 1 how to
cancel a reservation and not pay a fine
for it
have you ever canceled the reservation
at the last moment before check-in like
an hour or a day before then you know
they cancelling the reservation at the
last minute might cost some fee usually
it's equal to the price for one night so
instead of cancelling the reservation
immediately ask to move it to a week
ahead then call your hotel the next day
and cancel is tricky right but it will
help you save money and change your
plans without any extra cost do you know
other tricks to make staying in a hotel
the best time share them in the comments
below the video don't forget to hit the
like button and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life